[vpdq] Add data flow diagram, misc docs cleanup (#1700)
facebook/ThreatExchange: vpdq/README.md

| Optimized for identical videos (same length)              | ❌       | ✅      |
| Supports subsequence/clip matching                        | ✅       | ❌      |
| Fixed-length hash (near constant time search for matches) | ❌       | ✅      |

Both TMK and vPDQ are backed by PDQ for hashing video frames. Therefore, they both inherit PDQ's strengths and weaknesses.

TMK optimizes for identical videos (same length). vPDQ can match subsequences or clips within videos.

TMK has a fixed-length hash, which simplifies matching lookup, and can be near constant time with the help of FAISS. vPDQ produces a variable length hash, and requires a linear comparison of candidates.
* vPDQ linear search complexity is O(n*F<sub>c</sub>*F<sub>q</sub>), where n is the number of videos being compared, and F<sub>c</sub> is the average number of frames per compared video and F<sub>q</sub> is the number of frames in the source video.
  * To speed this up, an initial filtering pass can be used to reduce the candidates. The downside is it could discard matching videos, causing false-negatives.

## Description of Algorithm

### Producing a Video Hash

The algorithm for producing the video hash is:

> 1. Given a video, convert it into a sequence of frame images.

Reviewer: I think you can combine a part of your note here, since it might be easy to glaze over - I think the bolded part is enough, but you can be even more explicit

>  1. Given a video, convert it into a sequence of frame images **using some criteria** (e.g. 1 image / sec).

2. For each frame image, use the PDQ hashing algorithm to produce frame perceptual hashes.
3. Finally, assemble the collection of hashed frames to produce the video perceptual hash.

> **Note:** A subset of all frames can be hashed, such as only the frames at every 1sec interval, to reduce the number of frame

> > perceptual hashes. In general, adjacent frames are very similar, so they are not very useful for finding matches.

Reviewer: I think step 3 and this note can probably be combined in some way - it's easy to glaze over the note. Rather than "assemble", maybe something like

> 3. From the frame perceptual hashes, select hashes to include in the final video perceptual hash.

If we had to name these stages it might be:
1. Convert to image frames
2. Convert images to hashes
3. Select hashes

If there was a word shortage and we had to use only one word it might be:
1. Frames
2. Hash
3. Select

The following diagram shows the high level data flow for hashing a video with vPDQ:

> ```mermaid

Reviewer: fancy fancy, I'll keep this in mind for other projects in this repo

> **Note**: The frame number and the timestamp is not used at all in this comparison. The frames are treated as an unordered “bag of hashes”. The frame number and timestamp are included in each feature in the reference implementation in case of future expansion.

> Beyond pruning frames from candidates, it may be desirable to further prune to just sampled or key frames in candidate videos to control index size, but this may result in videos being incorrectly pruned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond pruning frames from candidates, it may be desirable to further prune to just sampled or key frames in candidate videos to control index size, but this may change whether videos are consider matching or not.
```
